# The Beginning- Story
Way above the sky in the Cloud Kingdom, droplets and clouds live in harmony. There is no established order, no laws, and no real government. MR.NIMBUS, the oldest of all citizens, is regarded as the town sage. Everyone comes to him for advice and, usually follows it. He has yet to be proven wrong. They simply have to follow what MR. NIMBUS says and good luck will come their way: "Stay in the sky and you will never be dry!" DROPPY, a young and unassuming droplet, is one of MR. NIMBUS's followers, but something doesn't seem right about what MR. NIMBUS says. Why don't they go to the ground? Why do they need to stay in the sky? They begin to question everything that they've been told. DROPPY goes around talking to the townspeople with his doubts. MR.NIMBUS fears losing the confidence he's built. MR. NIMBUS invites him over for tea(really just a cup of air), under the pretense that he is bound to become the next sage. Though as he realizes that DROPPY might figure out his *real* plan, he pushes DROPPY out of the clouds.
# The Beginning - Tutorial 
DROPPY is on his way to see MR.NIMBUS when he encounters their friend ZEPHYR (ZEPH for short). ZEPH reminds him that there are some "perils" on the way to the Cloud Kingdom and reminds him what to do. He tells him how to move using the keyboard controls (WASD) and jump using (SPACE). As they walk through a seemingly harmless cloud platform, they encounter their arch nemesis: the seagull. Although it is not antagonizing the player, ZEPH tells DROPPY that it would be a good opportunity to practice their fighting skills. DROPPY learns he can punch using {INSERT CONTROL HERE} but it would likely hurt him in the process. So ZEPH suggests jumping on the seagull using the space and WASD command to move. After the brief tutorial of fighting, DROPPY continues to do this until they reach the home of MR.NIMBUS. ZEPH applauds them for their skills before leaving DROPPY the information that he can review his moves by "thinking" he's back at the level (pausing the game).
## The First Level
DROPPY falls to a strange land of towering "buildings" (trees). They are scared by their new environment, especially when people don't seem all too happy. Apparently, DROPPY has landed in a part of a forest where fires haven't burnt it yet, but they are quickly encroaching. Many people don't appreciate that DROPPY is not trying to help, except for one, a small sapling named TWIGGY. TWIGGY is confused why DROPPY seems so lost. After gathering more information, TWIGGY is at a loss on how to help them. Instead, he just sends them to their village elder: OLD KNOTTY. To get there, they must traverse through the forest following the long knotted roots that lead to OLD KNOTTY. TWIGGY gives them an acorn to give to OLD KNOTTY to prove he is no threat. As he travels, he runs into a flower field meeting a flower. The flower, named GIRA, does not like their presence despite seeming very nice at first. GIRA attacks DROPPY in a rage. She only calm down when DROPPY defeats her stopping when she notices the acorn on them. She fervently apologizes before allowing DROPPY through the field but not before asking DROPPY if they can still be friends. Regardless of answer, DROPPY continues through the field, following OLD KNOTTY's roots. 
