# The Beginning- Story
Way above the sky in the Cloud Kingdom, droplets and clouds live in harmony. There is no established order, no laws, and no real government. MR.NIMBUS, the oldest of all citizens, is regarded as the town sage. Everyone comes to him for advice and, usually follows it. He has yet to be proven wrong. They simply have to follow what MR. NIMBUS says and good luck will come their way: "Stay in the sky and you will never be dry!" DROPPY, a young and unassuming droplet, is one of MR. NIMBUS's followers, but something doesn't seem right about what MR. NIMBUS says. Why don't they go to the ground? Why do they need to stay in the sky? They begin to question everything that they've been told. DROPPY goes around talking to the townspeople with his doubts. MR.NIMBUS fears losing the confidence he's built. MR. NIMBUS invites him over for tea(really just a cup of air), under the pretense that he is bound to become the next sage. Though as he realizes that DROPPY might figure out his *real* plan, he pushes DROPPY out of the clouds.
# The Beginning - Tutorial 
DROPPY is on his way to see MR.NIMBUS when he encounters their friend ZEPHYR (ZEPH for short). ZEPH reminds him that there are some "perils" on the way to the Cloud Kingdom and reminds him what to do. He tells him how to move using the keyboard controls (WASD) and jump using (SPACE). As they walk through a seemingly harmless cloud platform, they encounter their arch nemesis: the seagull. Although it is not antagonizing the player, ZEPH tells DROPPY that it would be a good opportunity to practice their fighting skills. DROPPY learns he can punch using {INSERT CONTROL HERE} but it would likely hurt him in the process. So ZEPH suggests jumping on the seagull using the space and WASD command to move. After the brief tutorial of fighting, DROPPY continues to do this until they reach the home of MR.NIMBUS. ZEPH applauds them for their skills before leaving DROPPY the information that he can review his moves by "thinking" he's back at the level (pausing the game).
## The First Level
DROPPY falls to a strange land of towering "buildings" (trees). They are scared by their new environment, especially when people don't seem all too happy. Apparently, DROPPY has landed in a part of a forest where fires haven't burnt it yet, but they are quickly encroaching. Many people don't appreciate that DROPPY is not trying to help, except for one, a small sapling named TWIGGY. TWIGGY is confused why DROPPY seems so lost. After gathering more information, TWIGGY is at a loss on how to help them. Instead, he just sends them to their village elder: OLD KNOTTY. To get there, they must traverse through the forest following the long knotted roots that lead to OLD KNOTTY. TWIGGY gives them an acorn to give to OLD KNOTTY to prove he is no threat. As he travels, he runs into a flower field meeting a flower. The flower, named GIRA, does not like their presence despite seeming very nice at first. GIRA attacks DROPPY in a rage. She only calm down when DROPPY defeats her stopping when she notices the acorn on them. She fervently apologizes before allowing DROPPY through the field but not before asking DROPPY if they can still be friends. Regardless of answer, DROPPY continues through the field, following OLD KNOTTY's roots. 
## The Second Level
DROPPY moves on into a more generic level where they encounter things they've never seen before: bumblebees, frogs, worms, and weeds. The level will involve some form of platforming in the trees. At the end of the level, they encounter a large toad. After defeating the toad, they find a sign pointing to the HAMLET OF KNOTS, which ends where OLD KNOTTY'S roots thicken.
## The Third Level
THE HAMLET OF KNOTS seems rather downtrodden. The members of the village, various plants, are starting to pack up shop. DROPPY learns that a forest fire has started and is slowly encroaching on the village. DROPPY goes to OLD KNOTTY who will aid them if and only if they help stop an encroaching fire. DROPPY is sent into a player vs environment type mission where he must exstinguish fires with his shooting attack. He gets into a bossfight with what looks to be a giant campfire (at least to him). When defeated, the campfire becomes a small, tiny ember that seems scared and confused. Apparently, he was lit and never put out. DROPPY learns his name is CINDER. The player can either exstinguish CINDER at his request or help CINDER see that while destructive, he can still be useful. DROPPY returns to OLD KNOTTY regardless of decision. OLD KNOTTY directs them to another village with people who live in the trees. That way he can get to the clouds. He gives DROPPY a snippet of a vine and sends him on his way.
## The Fourth Level
DROPPY continues through a jungle landscape where toxic pollutants have taken over. The landscape is tinged purple with poison and toxic pollutants attack him. Eventually he finds a large barrel of toxic waste named BLIGHT. BLIGHT wants to stop droppy before they can "wash away" all his good work: polluting the forest. As soon as DROPPY defeats him, the jungle is restored and they finds the next village, the PUEBLO DE ROCAS. The stone elder PIEDRA thanks him for saving the town. She notices the vine and knows exactly what to do with it. She plants it in a large dirt patch in the middle of the town. Immediately a large stalk grows that extends to the sky. PIEDRA explains that long ago, the CLOUD KINGDOM and the ground used to be connect, until someone cut the stalk down. She hopes that DROPPY can reunite the worlds again and wishes him luck. DROPPY ascends to the sky.
## The Final Level
DROPPY arrives in the CLOUD KINGDOM to find that the sky has darkened. All of the wind sprites and droplets like him have become aggressive and attack him. Yet when he defeats them, they turn back to normal people. He finally reaches MR. NIMBUS who has become a large storm cloud. He reveals that he cut the stalk so that nobody could return to the ground. Now he is going to make sure nobody on the ground will see the light of day: he's blocking out the sun. All he needs to do is make sure DROPPY doesn't stop his plan. After an intense battle, DROPPY defeats him and Mr. Nimbus reverts to his sage form. He explains that he did it because he thought everyone was going to leave to live on the ground. He thought he would lose his friends, but that he was foolish. He asks DROPPY to destroy the vine but slowly realizes that would only make things worse. Instead, he allows DROPPY to help him clear the skies and names them the new sage. Order is restored and the two worlds are reunited.
